docs(nx-plugin): add documentation for generators/schematics (#592)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/integrations/nx/index.md

In the common apps/libs workspace layout, the `analog-app`'s client artifacts are located in the `dist/apps/analog-app/analog/public` directory.
The server for the API/SSR build artifacts is located in the `dist/apps/analog-app/analog/server` directory.

### Generators

> The Analogjs Nx integration also provides a series of generators that help automate some of the frequent tasks inside an Nx Analog workspace, like generating a **Page**, a starting point for a **Blog** (work in progress), or generating **Posts** (work in progress). To use these generators, the **NxConsole** plugin can be installed or they can be invoked manually using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Analog plugin for Nx also provides a series of generators that help automate some of the frequent tasks inside an Analog project, like generating a **Page**. To use these generators, the **Nx Console** extension can be installed or they can be invoked manually using:
```

### Generate a Page

> This command will generate a page inside our `pages` folder with minimal configuration out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command generates a page inside the `pages` folder with minimal configuration out of the box.
```
